# FarmZilla - WDI Project 1

#### Inspired from the 70s Game Simon Says

#####[Play it here!](http://mysterious-lake-87379.herokuapp.com/ "Here!")

#####Rules

1. The User plays against the Computer, or Farm Animals in this case 
2. The User must imitate the sounds that the computer plays by pressing on corresponding animals
3. Each round a new sound is added, which the user must repeat or else the game is over.

####Approach / How it works

The computer starts by playing a random sound, which is generated by the random function. This is a numerical value that gets stored in an array. The user then repeats the sound by clicking on the animal that was just played by the computer. This action stores the button id or number that is attached to that animal, and compares it to the button id that was pressed by the computer. If it matches, the user gets 1 point, and the game moves on to the next round. Again, a random number gets generated and pushed to the array belonging to computer. The user has to repeat again, until no match can be detected, which is when the game will be over. The user then has the option to play a new game by pressing the START button.

####The build

* HTML 5, CSS, jQuery and JavaScript were used to create this game. 
* Animation was achieved with the hover effect. 
* The Google Web Font 'Lakki Reddy' and 'The Girl Next Door' have been used to style the game.


#### Problems & Challenges

The main challenge I faced building this game, was how to link the user guesses with the revealing of correct letters. I needed to select the correct letter div that had the same name or value as the guessed letter. I am pleased with the solution that I came up with. The other challenge I had was how to centre the pop-ups vertically within the setup div, which I eventually achieved using 
positioning and percentages. 
